Generate Docs To Stage Files To Git Auto (#1396)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a validation to ensure integrations are not skipped and at least one test playbook is not skipped for each integration or script.
* Added to the Content Tests support for `context_print_dt`, which queries the incident context and prints the result as a json.
* Added new validation for the `xsoar_config.json` file in the **validate** command.

> * Added to the **generate-docs** command automatic addition to git when new release notes file is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added to the **generate-docs** command automatic addition to git when a new readme file is created.
```
